                             First Explanations (Step A & B)
Rapid increase in the rate of working from home with the COVID-19.
COVID-19  has affected day to day life and is slowing down the global economy. This pandemic has affected thousands of peoples, who are working in somewhere to  continue their life. Many areas, sectors and occupations have been caught unprepared for this situation and they have suffered unforeseen losses. Also , some of them decided on home-work programs due to the spread of the epidemic disease. This decision is seem like good way of working for the business but it is not. Working at home  has certain benefits as well as serious harm. There are plenty of factors in the employees' homes that can distract them like noise. If a worker doesn't have a suitably quiet dedicated working space at home, they may get easily distracted by household noises or other members of their household. In addition, employees and colleagues who move away from their office  experience a lack of communication, teamwork and motivation. Working from home naturally means that you do not get to work in a team as much. There is less communication between employees which in turn, may decrease teamwork amongst workers . Besides that , employee may have young children, making it even more difficult to work from home.
Step B – Extra Details: 
Working home was already a factor that some businesses used for specific departments. It has become common with the corona virus and the number of applying is increasing day by day. Due to some factors, working at home is not suitable and useful for companies and employees. I will  investigate its negative impact on employees and firms.
Most of the data that I will receive will be obtained from statistical institutions and I provide additional data from other research and  news sources.
When I prepare it, I faced some challenges . First one is, Covid-19 is very new and it still continue so that reason when I want to colllect some data for my project, I could not  collect enough. Second one is,  I thinked a lot when I choosed my topic because there are lots of topics that can be choose.
I can collect enough data for my project. There are lots of suitable website that have same topic with my project. In later times, the files and data that I will use increase. Net amounts of documents, datasets or files will be determined in later stages.


